Create ui-c8y-1019-13-1-asset-selector-search-now-returning-the-same-as-normal-search-graft.md (#1833)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1019-13-1-asset-selector-search-now-returning-the-same-as-normal-search-graft.md

---
date: ""

> title: Asset selector search now returning the same as normal search [GRAFT][release/cd] (#5902)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Asset selector search now returns the same results as normal search
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-56674
version: 1019.13.1
---

> Asset selector search now returning the same as normal search [GRAFT][release/cd] (#5902)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In the past, the asset selector search returned different results than the normal search, which could lead to confusion for users trying to find and select specific assets. With this change, the asset selector search has been updated to use the same search logic and return the same results as the normal search. This improves consistency and makes it easier for users to find the assets they need, regardless of whether they are using the normal search or the asset selector.
```
